Mrs. Ye
The responsibility for the accident is not entirely on me
Madam misses him for being insensible
He is young and insensible
You are so old, are you not sensible?
I don't know, Lorgar
What's the point of raising someone like you?
The lesson of the eldest lady is
But I promise never again
Reading on a map must be very hard
You see you've lost weight
What would you like to eat?
Do it in the kitchen now
madam
The eldest lady liked my soup the most when she was a child
I'll do it for the eldest lady
Lin Hong
You have been in the Luo family for more than ten years
Why don't you know the rules at all?
I'm talking to my mom
What are you talking about?
As soon as Miss Lin Hong came back, you made her angry
I see you don't want to do it anymore.
Take him away
I want to drive me away
Miss, I know I was wrong
Madam, I will never dare to come again next time
Don't send me away
Miss, don't go away
Who knows if you're clean?
What if there is any bacterial virus?
Yeah.
I didn't have a needle just now
Mom is so immortal now
What are you doing with him?
It's been bugging me since I was a kid
I'm so tired of you, stop for me
Why are you pushing me?
Why is this the Luo family?
Neon is the nanny of the Luo family
I give him a push. What's wrong?
Although my mother is the nanny of the Luo family
She is also your elder
Do you know what it means to respect the old and love the young?
Can you say that again?
Sorry ma'am
I miss him for being too young to understand
Please don't argue with him
I said Luoxue Qing is not educated
I don't know how to respect the old and love the young